feat(clickpipes): document AWS PrivateLink custom DNS and MSK endpoint services (#6516)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: knowledgebase/aws-privatelink-vpc-endpoint-service-for-msk-cluster.mdx

Record the endpoint service name. It will look similar to:

```text
com.amazonaws.vpce.<region>.vpce-svc-0123456789abcdef0
```

## Create ClickPipes reverse private endpoints {#create-clickpipes-reverse-private-endpoints}

In the ClickHouse Cloud console, create one reverse private endpoint for each broker endpoint service:

1. Go to your ClickHouse Cloud service.
2. Start creating a ClickPipe.
3. Choose `Reverse private endpoint`.
4. Choose `VPC endpoint service` as the VPC endpoint type.
5. Enter the broker-specific VPC endpoint service name.
6. In `Custom private DNS name`, enter the original MSK broker hostname for that broker.
7. Create the endpoint.
8. If the endpoint is pending acceptance, accept the endpoint connection request in the AWS VPC endpoint service console.

Repeat the process until every broker hostname has a matching RPE.

For custom private DNS behavior, naming rules, and API/Terraform options, see
[Custom private DNS](/integrations/clickpipes/aws-privatelink#custom-private-dns).

> You can also create the reverse private endpoints with [OpenAPI](https://clickhouse.com/docs/cloud/manage/api/swagger#tag/ReversePrivateEndpoint) or Terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also create the reverse private endpoints with [OpenAPI](https://clickhouse.com/docs/cloud/manage/api/swagger#tag/ClickPipes/operation/clickPipeReversePrivateEndpointCreate) or Terraform.
```
The existing link just took me to the swagger homepage
